[PXCT-160] Appwizard tutorial (#2187)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/10.mega/shields/giga-display-shield/tutorials/13.appwizard-guide/content.md

---
title: GIGA Display Shield AppWizard Guide
description: 'Learn how to use Segger AppWizard with the GIGA Display Shield.'
author: Benjamin Dannegård
tags: [Display, appwizard, segger, GUI]
---

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: Would be nice to have a thumbnail here with the Giga Display showing a UI.

Reviewer 2: idem about: hello @mcmchris please use an already done image on the tutorial to use it as initial image or a quick small trick so we can move this to publish! :pray:

Reviewer: Done!

![Folder structure](assets/appwizard-demo-folder-src.png)

Now the folder name needs to be removed from the `#include` directives of the generated files. Inside the **ID_SCREEN_00_Slots.c** file change the `#include "../Generated/Resource.h"`
and `#include "../Generated/ID_SCREEN_00.h"` to `#include "Resource.h"` and `#include "ID_SCREEN_00.h"`.

![Screenshot of code](assets/appwizard-demo-folder-library-code.png)

When this is done create a **library.properties** file inside the root of the newly created folder. Then put this text into the file, you can change the name to whatever you like:

```arduino
name=AppWizardDemoLib
version=1.0.0
author=SEGGER Microcontroller GmbH
maintainer=SEGGER Microcontroller GmbH info@segger.com
sentence=
paragraph=
category=Display
url=
architectures=
includes=
depends=
```

![Folder with library properties file](assets/appwizard-demo-folder-library.png)

> And lastly to create the Arduino sketch. Create an **examples** folder inside the root of the newly created folder, inside this **examples** folder you can create another folder containing the **demo.ino** file. Use the following code for the **demo.ino**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to create the Arduino sketch, create an **examples** folder inside the root of the newly created folder, inside this **examples** folder you can create another folder containing the **demo.ino** file. Use the following code for the **demo.ino**:
```

```arduino
#include <Resource.h>
void setup() {
  MainTask();                 
}
void loop() {
  GUI_Exec();
}
```

![Examples folder structure](assets/appwizard-examples-folder.gif)

> Now all that is left is to import this whole folder as a library into the Arduino IDE. First compress the folder into a .zip format. And then in the Arduino IDE go to **Sketch -> Include library -> Add .ZIP Library**. Then select the created .zip file and add it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now all that is left is to import this whole folder as a library into the Arduino IDE. First, **compress** the folder into a **.zip** format, then in the Arduino IDE go to **Sketch -> Include library -> Add .ZIP Library**, select the created .zip file and add it.
```

![Importing library in Arduino IDE](assets/appwizard-library-include.png)

Now the demo sketch should be accessible under the examples tab inside the library. The library will have the name given inside the **library.properties** file.

![Showing example sketch](assets/appwizard-library-example.png)

Now select your board and upload the sketch. The GUI created in AppWizard should now display on the GIGA Display Shield!

> 

Reviewer: Would be nice to show a real photo of the Giga Display showing the UI.

Reviewer 2: hello @mcmchris please use an already done image on the tutorial to use it as initial image or a quick small trick so we can move this to publish! :pray:

Reviewer: Done!
